## Meeting 23-03

Date:           23-03-2030

# Opening
- Check that everybody is present
- Everybody tells what he has done during the week and how far he came

# Points of action

- Checkstyle configuration file to be configured
    - allow more than 100 lines (to 115?)
    - (Leon might have more rules to change)
- Bikeview needs to be done (Ryo)
    - should we have an image on bike view?
- Admin food needs to be done (Hao)
- Start admin bikes
- Filtering should be done (Otte)
    - minor bugs to be resolved
- Adjust code due to changes in database (Mathijs)
    - make sure the server communication works!
- Calendar booking history should be finished (reservations & personal entries)
- start on timeslot restrictions
- Add building names to room cards in search view

# Action points for next week
- start on timeslot restrictions
- Add building names to room cards in search view 
- Start admin bikes
- (Start adjusting layout (CSS))
- Testing!
- Checkstyle
- Every server communication returns a boolean so the boolean should be used!


# Any other business
- Every new merge request:
    - complete javadoc + comments
    - completely tested (except views)
    - completely checkstyle error free
    
*If anybody has something to say that should be discussed now, he can

# Questions for the TA
- Javadoc in testing classes or not
- Change checkstyle file
- Explanation about next deadlines
- What about course: Academic Writing

# Closing
*Everybody starts working (together if needed)*